feat: improve CLI input testability (#7978)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/testing/cli.rst

####################
Testing CLI Commands
####################

.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 3

.. _using-mock-input-output:

*********************
Using MockInputOutput
*********************

.. versionadded:: 4.5.0

MockInputOutput
===============

> **MockInputOutput** provides a esay way to write tests for commands that require

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MockInputOutput** provides an easy way to write tests for commands that require
```
